Add documentation for the new Arve integration (#31870)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/arve.markdown

---
title: Arve
description: Instructions on how to integrate Arve into Home Assistant
ha_category:
  - Environment
  - Health
  - Sensor
ha_release: "2024.4"
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - "@ikalnyi"
ha_domain: arve
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: hub
ha_external_link: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/tree/dev/homeassistant/components/arve
---

> The **Arve** {% term integration %} provides the ability to monitor real life air quality data, measured by your [Arve](https://www.arveair.com) device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Arve** {% term integration %} provides the ability to monitor real-life air quality data, as measured by your [Arve](https://www.arveair.com) device.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> To create an integration for an Arve device, the user needs to fill in two required fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an integration for an Arve device, you need to fill in two required fields.
```

Those are _Home Assistant acess token_ and _Arve customer token_.
_Home Assistant access token_ and _Arve customer token_ can be obtained by the user on the [Arve web platform](https://dashboard.arveair.com).

## Measurement entities

> At the moment, Arve device has following measurement entities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, an Arve device has the following measurement entities:
```

| Entity name | Unit of measurement |
| ----------- | ------------------- |
| AQI         |                     |
| CO2         | ppm                 |
| Humidity    | %                   |
| PM10        | µg/m³               |
| PM25        | µg/m³               |
| Temperature | °C                  |
| TVOC        |                     |

Here:

AQI - air quality index;

CO2 - co2 measurement in parts per million;

Humidity - humidity percentage;

> PM10 - concentration of particulates with diameter less than 10µm;
> 
> PM25 - concentration of particulates with diameter less than 2.5µm;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PM10 - concentration of particulates with a diameter less than 10&nbsp;µm;

PM25 - concentration of particulates with a diameter less than 2.5&nbsp;µm;
```

> Temperature - temperature measurement in celsius degrees;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temperature - temperature measurement in degrees Celsius;
```
